CV Projects
Player Tracking in Sports
Multi-View Tracking and 3D Reconstruction

giulia.martinelli-2@unitn.it

Projects for A.Y. 2025-2026
What we expect:
Look for state of art methods
Implement and test
Improve
Read as much as you can
Make assumptions
Record videos
Use pre-recorded data
University of Trento
Computer Vision
2

Projects for A.Y. 2025-2026
What we expect when ask for a meeting?
Show that you tried
Show difficulties encountered and actions taken to resolve
University of Trento
Computer Vision
3

Notes!
Deep Learning is welcome, but not required (we cannot provide GPUs)
Videos are for internal use only. Do not share them.
The evaluation of your project depends more on your interaction with the tutor rather than on the numerical results
The goal of the project is for you to learn something and face the real-world issues
The project is individual for each group, but you are allowed to communicate, share ideas, share best practices. It is not a competition.
Anyone does not have a group and would like to join one?

Sanbapolis facility


Project Goal and step
Using the multi-view camera setup at Sanbapolis, track players and the ball
Annotate bounding boxes for players, referees, and the ball in each camera view.
Perform 2D tracking of players and the ball across frames for each camera. 
Provide numerical results for the annotated ones.
Reconstruct 3D trajectories of players (center of bounding boxes) and the ball using triangulation across multiple camera views.
Provide numerical results for the annotated ones.
Visualize the 3D tracking by importing the reconstructed motion into Unreal Engine.
Team of 1 pp: task 1,2,2a,3 is mandatory using one camera. Bonus: task 3a.
Team of 2 pp: task 1,2,2a,3,3a is mandatory using two cameras. Bonus: task 4.
Team of 3 pp: task 1,2,2a,3,3a,4 is mandatory using two cameras. Bonus: use 3 cameras.
The bonus task is NOT mandatory and is left to each student’s discretion, as an additional application-oriented challenge.

There are 3 camera viewpoint for each action
One action per group
Around 150 frames per person
register to Roboflow (one account per group)
send to the tutor one email per group to be added to Roboflow
for testing and evaluation it is mandatory to use at least the action you have annotated. You can test and evaluate on actions annotated by other groups.

Annotate Bounding Boxes

Draw a Bounding Box
Select the corresponding class
Refree_1
Refree_2

Annotate Bounding Boxes

2) 2D Tracking
Annotation is performed at 5 fps
Perform tracking at native frame rate (25fps)
Use standard metrics for evaluation (search state of the art, e.g. IOU)

3) 3D Tracking
Goal: Use camera parameters to perform triangulation of the tracked/GT 3D positions of the players and the ball
Rectified the video at input (code is provided. Remember: if you rectify the video you also have to apply the same transformation to the GT/the coordinates you have tracked).
Triangulation
Display 3D position of players and ball
3a) Provide results using common tracking metrics (eg. trajectories metrics, …)

4) (Bonus) Unreal Engine
Display 3D data on Unreal. (contact tutor for more details)

How do I deliver my project?
Code + Readme (push on Github with Github Classroom)
Dataset 
Report with results (max 5 pages) (LNCS format, PDF)
Link to the presentation in Google Slides format only 
Oral presentation on the day of the exam (8 min per group + Q&A) 

Deadline: All material must be delivered to the lecturers at least 3 working days before the exam. No exceptions will be made.
14

How do I deliver my project?
15
NameSurname1/NameSurname2
https://classroom.github.com/a/BwBLw45f
Accept the GitHub Classroom invitation
This helps confirm the final groups 
It also lets me know if anyone wants to change topic 
Then I will create the dataset on Roboflow 
Each group will receive the images to annotate 
The material will be available from Thursday, 23 April 

Project’s Score
16
Max project score: 15 points

Code(5pt)	
Report (2pt)	
Supplementary (e.g sample video results) (1pt)
Independence in carrying out a project (1pt)
Oral (6pt)
